Hello. In this lesson, we will discuss how to get support from Apigee. Apigee has a global support and cloud operations presence. We have service centers around the world in a 24-by-7 Follow-the-sun support model. We also offer 24-by-5 live chat through our website. Finally, the Apigee community at community.apigee.com is available anytime. We value openness and transparency. We maintain a status page at status.apigee.com, where you can get real time updates on the status of our cloud services, view release notifications, and sign up to receive automatic email updates. The Apigee community is a place to interact with Apigee support engineers, partners, and other customers like you. The community is a rich resource for troubleshooting, learning more about how to use the product, understanding complex customer use cases, and many more topics. Your Apigee support account provides support for your mission critical infrastructure. When a new ticket is opened, alerts go to our global support team. Our response goal for priority one tickets is 15 minutes. In addition, regular escalations are sent to the Apigee leadership team as long as the ticket remains open. Our resolution goal for P1 tickets is one hour. Note that for other severities such as P2 and P3, the response and resolution goals are different. When opening a ticket, please provide as much information as possible. This can include the business impact, any existing related ticket numbers, and contact information if necessary. This can be particularly important for P1 issues in case we need to join a conference bridge to assist you. If possible, open a new ticket for each issue you report. A short description in a time sensitive P1 ticket might sometimes be appropriate, but providing more information is beneficial. Don't be shy about contacting Apigee support. We are here to support you and make your API program successful. So, feel free to reach out whenever you need to. Here are the support services that you receive as part of your support package. Note that P1 tickets also receive a root cause analysis. For on-prem installations, it is important to preserve logs and diagnostics from the event, so that we can provide an accurate RCA. Finally, here are useful links to Apigee resources such as the community, or GitHub repository, our training academy, and others. For more information on this topic, refer to our documentation. If you have any questions, please post them to our community. Thanks for watching.