Hello and welcome to Capacity,
Planning and Scaling, Create and Delete Target Servers. Today we're going to cover the following
topics, target server naming convention, how to create a target server, and
how to delete a target server. When API proxy's are being
deployed in multiple environments, target servers can assist in avoiding
the need to hard code URL's. A proxy can reference
a target server name and then you can create target servers
with that name in each environment or with each pointing to
a different backend server. When creating the target server, the name
must be unique within the environment. The character list you can use is
restricted to alphanumerics, dots and backslashes, hyphens and underscores,
and dollar and percent signs. You can see on the screen it is possible
to manage Target Servers through the enterprise UI with all add, update and
delete actions being available. Of course, if you're animating the
management of target servers, something that is common as part of CICD processes,
you can always use management API calls. On screen you can see
a typical JSON payload used when creating a new target server. The information supplied on the payload
should by this time be very familiar. A name used to identify the target server. The host name used for
the target server and the port. If the backend target is TLS enabled,
you can also specify keyStore, trustStore and keyAlias names,
set authentication to be one or two way, which is the clientAuthEnabled flag, and again set which ciphers and
protocols are supported. When deleting target servers,
we make two calls. The first management API call
gets the list of target servers. The second management API call
deletes the specified target server. Of course, as mentioned earlier, you can
also delete using the enterprise UI. This concludes Capacity, Planning and
Scaling, Create and Delete Target Servers. For more information,
you can visit docs.apigee.com. And to get involved in the community,
please go to community.apigee.com. Thank you.