Hello and welcome. Today, we're going to talk about User Management. This module will cover the various ways of managing your users in Apigee Edge. We will cover: Adding a user using the Edge Management UI, adding a user with the Management API, adding a user using the apigee-service utility, adding and removing roles from a user, creating sysadmin users, and resetting a user's password. Probably, the most popular way to create a user is by using the Edge UI. You can log onto the UI. This will typically be found on port 9,000 of the machine host in the Edge Management Server component. Once there, click on the Admin menu option, and then the Organization Users option. To add a new user, simply click on the plus user button, and fill in all the details, selecting any rows that that user should belong to. Newly created users receive an email with a link to reset their initial password. Organization admins, global sysadmins, and users with appropriate privileges are the only ones able to add and remove users from an organization. As Google Apigee is an API company, we can, of course, add and remove users using calls to a Management API. In this example, we're adding a user by posting a JSON payload containing the new user details to the Management API target /v1/users. For the post to work correctly, we need to supply administrative credentials. If you don't want to work with JSON, it is also possible to make this call using XML. Users are identified by their email address. If we want to view user information, we can then perform a get request, and simply append the email address to the API call. You can also make calls to update, delete, and unlock users. Some administrators, however, may want to use the apigee-service utility to add users. This can be done by creating a simple response file containing all the user information. Once that's done, the user is created using the Apigee provision functionality using the format Apigee Service, Apigee Provision, Create User, and supplying the path of response file. Response file should be readable by the Apigee user. Before a user can perform any actions, they need to be assigned to a role in their organization. Example roles include org admin, business user, ops admin, or custom role defined in your organization. To add a user to a role in the organization using the Management API, you simply post to the following API endpoint, passing the user's email address as the ID parameter, /v1/o, short for organization, slash the organization name, /userroles, slash name of the role you want to add the user to, /users, and then ID equals the user email address. As when adding users, the role a user belongs to can be viewed by performing a get operation to the Management API endpoint, /v1/users, user's email address, /userroles. To remove a user from a role, you simply perform a delete to the following API endpoint, /v/o, organization name, /userroles, slash role name, /users, and then supply the email address. If you're removing a user from an organization, they must first be removed from all roles. Apigee Edge also has a special type of user, the sysadmin user. During the installation process, a single sysadmin user is created. This user exists outside of organizational boundaries and has general administrative access over the entire system, including all organizations as well as all components. Users assigned to the sysadmin role can add and remove capacity by adding and removing hardware, create and delete organizations and environments, perform other system-wide functions. Even though only one sysadmin user is created at installation time, other users can be assigned to the sysadmin role. A user who is assigned the sysadmin role does not need to be associated with an organization, but without this, they will not be able to log into the Edge UI. It is only possible to assign a user to the sysadmin role using the Management API. To add a user to the sysadmin role, simply perform a post to the Management API /v1/userroles/sysadminusers/ and pass in the user's email address to the ID parameter. Finally in this module, password resets for users. As we're creating users, passwords can be reset in a number of ways. Using the apigee-service utility, you use the apigee-setup functionality to reset passwords, passing in the username, the new password, and providing sysadmin credentials. This can also be done by providing a response file to the utility rather than providing values on the command line. If you omit a sysadmin user name, the system will assume the one you used during installation. If you omit the password, you'll simply be prompted for it. Lastly, users can also self-serve by using the "Forgot Your Password?" link on the Edge UI login page. This concludes this topic.