Cloud CDN or Content Delivery Network uses Google's globally distributed edge points of presence to cache HTTPS load-balanced content close to your users. Specifically, content can be cached at CDN nodes as shown on this map. There are over 90 of these cache sites spread across multi-metropolitan areas in Asia Pacific, Americas, and EMEA. For an up-to-date list, please refer to the documentation linked below this video. Now, why should you consider using Cloud CDN? Well, Cloud CDN caches content at the edges of Google's network providing faster delivery of content to your users while reducing serving costs. You can enable Cloud CDN with a simple checkbox when setting up the backend service off to your HTTPS load balancer. So, it's easy to enable, and benefits you and your users. But how does Cloud CDN do all of these? Let me walk you through the Cloud CDN response flow with this diagram. In this example, the HTTPS load balancer has two types of backends. There are managed instance groups in the us-central1 in asia-east1 regions, and there's a Cloud storage bucket in us-east1. A URL map will decide which backend to send the content to. For example, the Cloud storage bucket could be used to serve static content and the instance groups could handle PHP traffic. Now, when a user in San Francisco is the first to access a piece of content, the cache site in San Francisco sees that it can't fulfill the request. This is called a cache-miss. The cache might attempt to get the content from a nearby cache, for example if a user in Los Angeles has already access to content. Otherwise, the request is forwarded to the HTTPS load balancer, which in turn forwards the request to one of your backends. Depending on what content is being served, the requests will be forwarded to the us-central1 instance group or the us-east1 storage bucket. If the content from the backend is cacheable, the cache site in San Francisco can store it for future requests. In other words, if another user request the same continent in San Francisco, the cache site may now be able to serve that content. This shortens the round trip time and saves the origin server from having to process the request. This is called a cache-hit. For more information on what continent can be cached, please refer to the documentation link below this video. Now, each Cloud CDN request is automatically logged within GCP. These logs will indicate a cache-hit or cache-miss status for each HTTP request of the load balancer. You will explore such logs in the next lab.