A managed instance group is
a collection of identical VM instances that you control as a single
entity using an instance template. You can easily update all of
the instances in the group by specifying a new template
in a rolling update. Also, when new applications require
additional compute resources, managed instance groups can automatically scale
the number of instances in the group. Managed instance groups can work
with load balancing services to distribute network traffic to
all of the instances in the group. If an instance in the group stops,
crashes, or is deleted by an action other than
the instance group's commands. The managed instance group automatically
recreates the instance, so it can resume its processing tasks. The recreated instance
uses the same name and the same instance template
as the previous instance. Managed instance groups can automatically
identify and recreate unhealthy instances in a group, to ensure that all
the instances are running optimally. Regional managed instance groups are
generally recommended over zonal managed instance groups. Because they allow you to spread
applications' load across multiple zones. Rather than confining your
application to a single zone, or having to manage multiple instance
groups across different zones. This replication protects against zonal
failures and unforeseen scenarios, where an entire group of instances
in a single zone malfunctions. If that happens, your application
can continue serving traffic from instances running in
another zone of the same region. In order to create
a managed instance group, you first need to create
an instance template. Next, you're going to create managed
instance group of n specified instances. The instance group manager then
automatically populates the instance group based on the instance template. You can easily create instance
templates using the GCP console as shown on the screen. The instance template dialogue looks and
works exactly like creating an instance, except that the choices are recorded so
that they can be repeated. When you create an instance group,
you define the specific rules for the instance group. First, you decide if the instance group
is going to be single or multi-zoned, and where those locations will be. Second, you choose the ports they're
going to allow and load balance across. Third, you select the instance
template that you want to use. Fourth, you decide if you want to
autoscale and under what circumstances. And, finally,
you consider creating a health check to determine which instances
should receive traffic. Essentially, you're still
creating virtual machines, but you're applying more rules
to that instance group. Managed instance groups offer
autoscaling capabilities that allow you to automatically add or
remove instances from a managed instance group based
on increases or decreases in load. Autoscaling helps the applications
gracefully handle increases in traffic, and reduces cost when the need for
resources is lower. You just define the autoscaling policy and the autoscaler performs automatic
scaling based on the measured load. Applicable autoscaling policies include
scaling based on CPU utilization, load balancing capacity, or monitoring
metrics, or by queue-based workload like. For example, let's assume you have
two instances that are at 100% and 85% CPU utilization. If your target CPU utilization is 75%, the autoscaler will add another
instance to stay below the target. For more information on autoscaling, please refer to the documentation
linked below this video.