In this module, we focus on load balancing. Cloud load balancing gives you the ability to distribute load balanced compute resources in single or multiple regions to meet your high availability requirements, to put your resources behind a single anycast IP address, and to scale your resources up or down with intelligent auto-scaling. Using cloud load balancing, you can serve content as close as possible to your users on a system that can respond to over 1 million queries per second. Cloud Load Balancing is a fully distributed, software-defined managed service. It's not an instance or device-based system, so you do not need to manage a physical load balancing infrastructure. GCP offers five different types of load balancers that can be divided into two categories, global and regional. The global load balances are the HTTPS, SSL proxy, and TCP proxy load balancers. These load balancers leverage the Google front ends, which are software-defined distributed systems that sit in Google's points of presence that are distributed globally. Therefore, you want to use a global load balancer when your resources and instances are globally distributed, your users need access to the same application and content, and you want to provide access using a single anycast IP address. The regional load balancers are the internal and network load balancers, and they distribute traffic to instances that are in a single GCP region. The internal load balancer uses Andromeda, which is GCP's software-defined network virtualization stack, and the network load balancer uses Maglev, which is a large distributed software system. In this module, we're going to cover the five different types of load balancers that are available in GCP. We're also going to go over managed instance groups, Cloud Armor, and Cloud CDN. You will get to explore many of the covered features and services throughout the three labs of this module. I will wrap up this module by helping you determine which GCP load balancer best meets your needs. Let's start by talking about managed instance groups, because they can be used by all of these load balancing configurations.