Now that we have discussed all the different
connections services, let me help you
determine which service best meets your hybrid
connectivity needs. I started this lesson
by introducing the five different ways to connect your
infrastructure to GCP. I split these sources
into dedicated versus shared connections and Layer 2 versus Layer 3 connections. Another way to organize
these sources is by interconnect services
and by peering services. Interconnect services
provide direct access to RFC1918 IP addresses in
your VPC with an SLA. Peering services in
contrast offer access to Google public IP addresses
only without an SLA. Another way to choose
the right service that meets your needs
is with a flow diagram. Let me walk you through this
diagram from the top using the assumptions that you want to extend your infrastructure
to the Cloud. Ask yourself whether you need to extend your network
for G Suite services, YouTube or Google Cloud APIs. If you do, choose one of
the peering services. If you can meet Google's
direct peering requirements, choose Direct Peering. Otherwise, choose
Carrier Peering. If you don't need to
extend your network for G Suite services or
Google Cloud APIs, but want to extend the reach
of your network to GCP, you want to pick one of
the interconnect services. If you cannot meet Google at one of its co-location facilities, choose Cloud VPN or
Partner Interconnect. This choice will depend on your bandwidth and
encryption requirements along with the purpose
of the connection. Specifically, if you have
modest bandwidth needs, will use the connection for
short durations and trials, and require an encrypted
channel, choose Cloud VPN. Otherwise, choose
Partner Interconnect. If you can meet Google at one of its co-location facilities you, might jump to Dedicated
Interconnect. However, if you cannot provide your own encryption mechanism
for sensitive traffic, feel that a 10 Gbps
connections is too big or won't access
to multiple clouds, you will want to consider Cloud VPN or Partner
Interconnect instead.