Now, that we have discussed all the different load
balancing services within GCP, let me help you determine which load balancer
best meets your need. One differentiator between the different GCP load balancers is the support for IPv6 clients. Only the HTTPS, SSL proxy, and TCP proxy load balancing services
support IPV6 clients. IPv6 termination for
these load balancers enables you to handle IPv6 requests from your users and proxy them over
IPv4 to your backend. For example, in this diagram, there is a website,
www.example.com, that is translated
by Cloud DNS to both an IPv4 and IPv6 address. This allows a desktop user in New York and a mobile
user in Iowa to access the load balancer through the IPv4 and IPv6
addresses respectively. But how does the traffic get to the backends and
their IPv4 addresses? Well, the load balancer
acts as a reverse proxy, terminates the IPv6
client connection and places the request into an
IPv4 connection to a backend. On the reverse path, the load balancer receives the IPv4 response
from the backend and places it into the
IPv6 connection back to the original client. In other words, configuring IPv6 termination for
your load balancers, lets your backend
instances appear as IPv6 applications to
your IPv6 clients. Now, in order to decide which load balancer best suits your implementation of GCP, consider the following aspects
of Cloud load balancing. Global versus regional
load balancing, external versus internal
load balancing, and the traffic type. If you need an external
load balancing service, start on the top left
of this flowchart. First, choose the type of traffic that your load
balancer must handle. If that is HTTP or HTTPS traffic, I recommend using the HTTPS
load balancing service as a layer seven load balancer. Otherwise, use the TCP
and UDP traffic paths of this flowchart to determine
whether the SSL proxy, TCP proxy, or network
load balancing service meets your needs. If you need an internal
load balancing service, you have the internal
load balancing service available and it supports
both TCP and UDP traffic. As I mentioned at the
beginning of this module, there's actually another
internal load balancer for HTTPS traffic but it's in
beta as of this recording. The sixth load balancer
is for HTTP or HTTPS traffic and it's regional
meaning for IPv4 clients. If you prefer a table
over a flowchart, I recommend this summary table. This table helps you identify the right load balancer
based on the traffic type, the distribution of your
backend global or regional, and the type of IP addresses of your backend external
or internal. This table also lists the available ports for load
balancing and highlights that only the Global
Load Balancers support both IPv4
and IPV6 clients.