So, what is identity and access management? It is a way of identifying who can do what on which resource. The who can be a person, group, or an application. The what refers to specific privileges or actions, and the resource could be any GCP service. For example, I could give you the role of compute network viewer. This provides you with read only access to all networking resources in a project, folder, or organization. Cloud IAM is composed of different objects as shown on this slide. We're going to cover each of these in this module. However, to get a better understanding for these fit in, let's look at the Cloud IAM resource hierarchy. Google Cloud Platform resources are organized hierarchically as shown in this tree structure. The organization node is the root node in this hierarchy, folders are the children of the organization, projects are the children of folders, and the individual resources are the children of projects. Each resource has exactly one parent. Cloud IAM allows you to set policies at all of these levels where policy contains a set of roles and members. Let me go through each of these levels from top to bottom as resources inherit policies from the parent. The organization resource represents your company. Cloud IAM roles granted at this level inherited by all resources under the organization. The folder resource could represent your department, Cloud IAM roles granted at this level are inherited by all resources that the folder contains. Projects represent a trust boundary within your company. Services within the same project have a default level of trust. The Cloud IAM policy hierarchy always follows the same path as the GCP resource hierarchy. Meaning, if you change the resource hierarchy, the policy hierarchy also changes. For example, moving a project into a different organization will update the projects Cloud IAM policy to inherit from the new organization's Cloud IAM policy. Another thing to point out, is that child policies cannot restrict access granted at the parent level. For example, if I grant you the editor role for department X, and I grant you the viewer role at the Bookshelf project level, then you still have editor role for that project. Therefore, it is a best practice to follow the principle of least privilege. The principle applies to identities, roles, and resources. Always select the smallest scope that's necessary to reduce your exposure to risk.