Let's learn a little bit
about Cloud Dataproc. Cloud Dataproc is
a fast easy to use fully managed Cloud
service for running Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop
clusters in a simpler way. You only pay for
the resources you use with per second billing. If you leverage preemptible
instances in your cluster, you can reduce your
costs even further. Without using Cloud Dataproc, it can take from five
to 30 minutes to create Spark and Hadoop
clusters On-premise or through other infrastructure
as a service providers. Cloud Dataproc clusters
are quick to start, scale, and shut down with each
of these operations taking 90 seconds
or less on average. This means you can spend
less time waiting for clusters and more hands-on
time working with your data. Cloud Dataproc has
built-in integration with other GCP services
such as BigQuery, Cloud Storage, Cloud Bigtable, Stackdriver Logging, and
Stackdriver monitoring. This provides you with the complete data platform rather than just a Spark
or Hadoop cluster. As a managed service, you can create clusters quickly, manage them easily,
and save money by turning clusters off when
you don't need them. With less time and money
spent on administration, you can focus on your
jobs and your data. If you're already
using Spark, Hadoop, Pig or Hive you don't
even need to learn new tools or API's is
to use Cloud Dataproc. This makes it easy to
move existing projects into Cloud Dataproc
without redevelopment. Now, Cloud Dataproc and Cloud Dataflow can both be
used for data processing, and there's overlap in their batch and
streaming capabilities. So how do you decide which product is a better
fit for your environment? But first ask yourself whether
you have dependencies on specific tools or packages in the Apache Hadoop
or Spark ecosystem. If that's the case, you'll obviously want
to use Cloud Dataproc. If not, ask yourself
whether you prefer a hands-on or DevOps approach to Operations or a hands-off
or serverless approach. If you opt for the
DevOps approach, you want to use Cloud Dataproc. Otherwise, use Cloud Dataflow.