Hello, I'm Philipp Maier. I'm Mylene Biddle. We are
both course developers at Google Cloud and
we want to welcome you to architecting
with Compute Engine, a series of three courses. Before we start using all
of the different services that Google Cloud
Platform or GCP offers, let's talk about what GCP is. When you look at Google Cloud, you'll see that it's
actually part of a much larger ecosystem. This ecosystem consists of open-source software, providers, partners, developers,
third-party software, and other Cloud providers. Google is actually a
very strong supporter of open source software. That's right. Now, Google Cloud consists of Chrome,
Google devices, Google Maps, Gmail,
Google Analytics, G-Suite, Google Search, and
the Google Cloud Platform. GCP itself is a computing
solution platform that really encompasses
three core features; infrastructure,
platform, and software. This map represents GCP's
global Infrastructure. As of this recording, GCP is well provisioned
global network. Connects over 60 zones to over a 130 points of presence through a global network of
fiber optic cables. Google is continuously investing in this network with new regions, points of presence, and
subsea cable investments. On top of this infrastructure, GCP uses state of
the art software defined networking and
distributed systems technologies to host and deliver your
services around the world. These technologies are
represented by a suite of Cloud-based products and services that is continuously expanding. Many of the products and
services are represented by unique blue hexagonal logos
such as the ones shown here. Now, it's important to
understand that there is usually more than one solution for a
task or application in GCP. To better understand this, let's look at a
solution continuum. Google Cloud Platform spans
from Infrastructure as a Service or IAAS to Software
as a Service or SAAS. You really can build
applications on GCP for the web or
mobile that are global, auto-scaling, assistive,
and it provides services where the
infrastructure is completely invisible to the user. It is not just that
Google has opened the infrastructure that powers
applications like Search, Gmail, Google Maps, and G Suite. Google has opened all of
these services that make these products possible and
package them for your use. Alternative solutions
are possible. For example, you could start up your own VM in Google
Computer Engine, Install Open Source
MySQL on it and run it just like a MySQL database on your own computer
in a data center. Or you could use the Cloud SQL service which provides a MySQL
instance and handles operational work like backups and security patching for you using the same service as Google does to automate
backups and patches. You could even move to a NoSQL database that is
auto-scaling and serverless. So that growth no
longer requires adding server instances or possibly changing the design to
handle the new capacity. This series of courses focuses
on the infrastructure, and IT infrastructure is
like a city infrastructure. The infrastructure is the
basic underlying framework of fundamental facilities and
systems such as transport, communications,
power, water, fuel, and other essential services. The people in the city
are like users and the cars and bikes and buildings in the city
are like applications. Everything that goes into
creating and supporting those applications for the
users is the infrastructure. The purpose of this course is to explore as efficiently
and clearly as possible the infrastructure
services provided by GCP. You should become
familiar enough with the infrastructure
services that you will know what services do
and how to use them. We won't go into very deep dive case studies on specific vertical
applications. But you know enough to put all the building blocks together to build
your own solution. Now, GCP offers a range
of Compute services. The service that might be most familiar to newcomers
is Computer Engine, which lets you run
virtual machines on demand in the Cloud. It's Google Cloud's Infrastructure
as a Service solution. It provides maximum
flexibility for people who preferred a managed
server instances themselves. Google Kubernetes Engine lets you run Container as applications on a Cloud environment
that Google manages for you under your
administrative control. Think of containerization
as a way to package code. This design to be highly portable and to use
resources very efficiently and think of Kubernetes as a way to orchestrate
code in Containers. App Engine is GCP's fully managed Platform as
a service framework, that means it's a
way to run code in the Cloud without having to
worry about Infrastructure. You just focus on your
code and let Google deal with all the provisioning
and resource management. You can learn a lot more
about App Engine in that developing applications with Google Cloud Platform
Core series. Cloud Functions is a completely serverless
execution environment or Functions as a Service. It executes your code in
response to events whether those events occur once a day
or many times per second. Google's scales
resources as required, but you only pay for the
service while your code runs. The developing applications with Google Cloud Platform Core series also discusses code Functions. In this series of courses, Compute Engine will
be our main focus. The architecting with Google
Compute Engine courses are part of the Cloud
Infrastructure learning path. This path is designed for IT professionals who are
responsible for implementing, deploying, migrating, and maintaining
applications in the Cloud. The prerequisite for
these courses is the Google Cloud
Platform Fundamentals, Core Infrastructure
course which you can find in the link
section for this video. The architecting with Google
Compute Engine series consists of three courses. Essential Cloud
Infrastructure foundation is the first course of the architecting with
Compute Engine series. In that course, we start
by introducing you to GCP and how to interact with the GCP Console
and Cloud Shell. Next we'll get into virtual
networks and you will create VPC networks and
other networking objects. Then we'll take a deep dive into Virtual Machines and you will Create Virtual Machines
using Compute Engine. Essential Cloud
Infrastructure Core service is the second course
of this series, and that course we start by
talking about Cloud IAM and you will administer Identity and Access Management
for resources. Next, we'll cover the different
data storage services in GCP and you will implement
some of those services. Then we'll go over
resource management, where you are managed and examined billing
of GCP resources. Lastly, we'll talk about
resource monitoring and you will monitor GCP resources using
Stackdriver services. Elastic Cloud
Infrastructure Scaling and Automation is the last
course of this series. In that course, we start by going over the
different options to Interconnect networks to enable you to connect your
infrastructure to GCP. Next we'll go over GCP
is load balancing and auto-scaling services which you will get to explore directory. Then we'll cover Infrastructure
Automation services like Deployment Manager and terraform so that
you can automate the development of GCP
infrastructure services. Lastly, we'll talk
about other managed services that you might
want to leverage in GCP. Now, our goal for you is
to remember and understand the different GCP services and features and also be able
to apply your knowledge, analyze requirements,
evaluate different options, and create your own services. That's why these courses include interactive hands-on labs
through the Qwiklabs Platform. Qwiklabs provisions you with a Google account and credentials. So you can access the GCP console for each lab at no cost.