Let me show you how to launch Infrastructure solutions
on GCP Marketplace. My goal is to deploy a lamp stack to a single
Compute Engine instance. A LAMP stack consists of Linux, Apache HTTP Server,
MySQL, and PHP. So here I am in the GCP console and let's go ahead and navigate
to the GCP Marketplace. I'm going to go to
the navigation menu and just go to marketplace. Now, I have lots of
different options available. There are some filters
on the left that could search by making search directly. There's some featured
solutions that are in here. So there's really a lot
of stuff to choose from. In my case, I'm
going to search for LAMP stack because that's
what I want to create. Here, I actually have
different options, there different providers, and that's really
what that means. The different providers
will offer these services. I'm going to click the
first one that's in here. Now, I have the
configuration page. I see the package contents. Tells me that what LAMP is again. I can see they're also here, the operating system is Linux. It has Apache installed and
have PHP and I have MySQL. We should also basically have HTTP enabled and we'll
see that in a second. There's no usage fee
for this service, if there was it all
be built together. We have an instance billing. This is just an
n1-standard-1 instance along with its persistent disk, and there's a sustained
use discount. So if I click on Launch
on Compute Engine, I get the actual VM
configuration page. I could now change the
instance type if I wanted. I could create a larger
instances, small instance, I could customize an
instance, and now, because this is an Apache HTTP, we can see that the HTTP
firewall rule is also set up. I also have some
networking options if we want place this somewhere else, I even have some extra
options if I want to install PHP Myadmin, all that is available to me here. I may have logging options
for Stackdriver to enable Stackdriver
logging and monitoring, and I can do that
directly in here. So it's just like a
regular VM instance page. So I'm going to go
and click Deploy, and when I do that, it's going to navigate us to
Deployment Manager. You can see all of the configuration as well as all the imported
files are just displayed there that are used
throughout this deployment. So we can see again that the
solutions on marketplace are just Deployment
Manager configurations that are already set
up for you to use so that you don't have
to recreate them. I also see that a
passwords being generated, a VM is being generated. I can click on that and get some more information about it. We can see that we use
in software and we have that HTTP firewall rules. So just TCPAD that's
being enabled here. So we can just wait for that. The instance is up. It's just configuring some more software. Then once it's up and running, we can get some more information about that LAMP stack that
we just have generated. Second, click back on
LAMP, still pending. But once it's up and running, we'll have some more
information here. Let's see. Doesn't
have the address yet. It's still pending,
and there we go. So we have an address, we have a user with password, the instance, zone, all
the type information. We can visit the site, we can SSH to this. We
have some next steps. We could open also HTTPS
traffic, change the password, assign a static external
IP address rather than the current default if
a ephemeral IP address. We can learn more about the software that's
being installed. But we can also look at this from a Compute Engine perspective. So if I navigate
to Compute Engine, I'll also see the
instance right here. That's how easy it is to launch Infrastructure solutions
on GCP marketplace.