Let's talk more about roles which define the, can do what on which resource part of Cloud IAM. There are three kinds of roles in Cloud IAM. Primitive roles, predefined roles and custom roles. Primitive roles are the original roles available in GCP. These are the owner, editor, and viewer roles. The owner has four administrative access. This includes the ability to add and remove members, and delete projects. The editor role has modify and delete access. This allows the developer to deploy applications and modify or configure its resources. The viewer role has read-only access. Now, all of these roles are concentric. That is, the owner role includes the permissions of the editor role, and the editor role includes the permissions of the viewer role. There is also a billing administrator role to manage billing and add or remove administrators. Each project can have multiple owners, editors, viewers and billing administrators. In addition to the primitive roles, Cloud IAM provides predefined roles that give granular access to specific Google cloud platform resources and prevents unwanted access to other resources. These roles are collections of permissions. Most of the time to do any meaningful operations, you need more than one permission. For example, in this slide, a group of users is granted the network viewer role on Project A. This provides users of that group a lot of permissions, of which some are illustrated on the right hand side. These permissions are classes and methods in the APIs. For example, compute network list can be broken into the service, resource and verb. Meaning that this permission is used to list all of the VPC networks that project A contains. Grouping these permissions into roles and having those roles represent abstract functions, makes them easier to manage. Also, users can have multiple roles providing flexibility. Let's focus on predefined roles to provide granular access to VPC network and resources. There is the network viewer role that provides read-only access to all networking resources. For example, if you have a software that inspects your network configuration, you could grant that software service account, "the network viewer role". Next, the network app and role contains permissions to create, modify and delete networking resources, except for firewall rules and SSL certificates. In other words, the network admin role allows read-only access to firewall rules, SSL certificates and instances to view their ephemeral IP addresses. The security admin role contains permissions to create, modify and delete firewall rules and SSL certificates. Now, there are other predefined roles for networking resources that relate to shared VPC, which allows an organization to connect resources from multiple projects to a common VPC network. We will cover shortly PC along with those other predefined roles in a later module on this course. Now, for more information on these roles, please refer to the documentation linked below this video. In addition to the predefined roles, Cloud IAM also provides the ability to create customized Cloud IAM roles. You can create a custom cloud IAM role with one or more permissions and then, grant that custom role to users who are part of your organization. In essence, custom roles enable you to enforce the principle of least privilege ensuring that the user, or service account in your organization, have only the permissions essential to performing their intended functions. For example, you might want a user to create, modify and delete firewall rules, but have read-only permissions to SSL certificates. In this case, the security admin role, provides too many permissions and the network admin role, does not provide enough. So, you can select the corresponding permissions for firewall rules and SSL certificates as shown on the left hand side, along with any other permissions to create a new custom network admin role. Cloud IAM provides a UI and API for creating and merging custom roles. For more information on these, please refer to the documentation linked below this video.