In this module, we focus on load balancing and auto-scaling. Cloud Load Balancing gives you the ability to distribute load balanced computer resources in single or multiple regions to meet your high
availability requirements, to put your resources behind
a single anycast IP address, and to scale your resources up or down with intelligent
autoscaling. Using Cloud Load Balancing, you can serve content as close
as possible to your users on a system that can respond to over one million
queries per second. Cloud Load Balancing is a fully distributed software
defined managed service. It is not instance or
device based so you do not need to manage a physical load balancing
infrastructure. GCP offers different types of
load balancers that can be divided into two categories,
global and regional. The global load
balancers are the HTTP, HTTPS, SSL proxy, and TCP
proxy load balancers. These load balancers leverage the Google front ends which
are software defined, distributed systems
that sit in Google's Point-of-Presence and are
distributed globally. Therefore, you want to use
a global load balancer when your users and instances
are globally distributed. Your users need access to the same application and content and you want to provide access using a single
anycast IP address. The regional load balancers are the internal and network
load balancers and they distribute traffic to instances that are in a single GCP region. The internal load balancer
uses Andromeda which is GCP's software defined network
virtualization stack and the network load
balancer uses Maglev which is a large distributed
software system. There's also another internal
load balancer for HTTP, HTTPS traffic, but it's in
beta as of this recording. The sixth load balancer is a proxy based regional
layer seventh load balancer that enables you to run and scale your services behind a private load balancing
IP address that is accessible only in the load balancers' region
in your VPC network. In this module, we will
cover the different types of load balancers that
are available in GCP. We will also go over the
managed instance groups and their autoscaling
configurations which can be used by these load
balancing configurations. You will explore many
of the covered features and services throughout the
two labs of this module. I will wrap things up by
helping you determine which GCP load balancer
best meets your needs. Let's start by talking about
managed instance groups.