Next, let's look at multiple network interfaces. VPC networks are by default isolated private networking domains. As I mentioned earlier, VM instances within a VPC network can communicate among themselves via internal IP addresses as long as firewall rules permit. However, no internal IP address communication is allowed between networks unless you set up a mechanism such as VPC peering or VPN. Every instance in a VPC network has a default network interface. You can create additional network interfaces attached to your VMs through network interface controllers or NICs. Multiple network interfaces enable you to create configurations in which an instance connects directly to several VPC networks. Each of these instances must also have an internal IP address and each interface can have an external IP address. For example, in this diagram you have two VM instances, and each instance has network interfaces to a subnet within VPC1, VPC2 and VPC3. Typically, you might require multiple interfaces if you want to configure an instance as a network appliance that does load balancing, intrusion, detection and prevention, web application firewall or WAN optimization between networks. Multiple network interfaces are also useful when applications running in an instance require traffic separation such as separation of data plane traffic from management plane traffic. Now, there are some limitations that I want you to remember when creating VM instances with multiple network interfaces. First, you can only configure a network interface when you create an instance. Each network interface configured in a single instance must be attached to a different VPC network and each interface must belong to a subnet whose IP ranges do not overlap with the subnets of any other interfaces. The additional VPC networks that the multiple interfaces will attach to must exist before you create the instance. You cannot delete a network interface without deleting the instance. When an internal DNS query is made with the instance host name, it resolves to the primary interface or nic0 of that instance. If the nic0 interface of the instance belongs to a VPC network different from the VPC network of the instances, using the internal DNS query, the query will fail. You will explore this in an upcoming lab. Now, the maximum number of network interfaces per instance is eight but this depends on the instances machine type as shown in this table. Instances with less than or equal to two virtual CPUs can have up to two virtual NICs. This includes the f1 micro, g1 small, the n1 standard one and any other custom VMs with one or two virtual CPUs. Instances with more than two virtual CPUs can have one NIC per virtual CPU with a maximum of eight virtual NICs.