Let's talk about the
Cloud Peering services which are Direct Peering
and Carrier Peering. These services are
useful when you require access to Google and
Google Cloud properties. Google allows you to establish a direct peering
connection between your business network
and Google's. With this connection,
you will be able to exchange internet traffic
between your network and Google's at one of the Google's broad-reaching
Edge network locations. Direct Peering with Google
is done by exchanging BGP routes between Google
and the peering entity. After a direct peering
connection is in place, you can use it to reach
all the Google's services including the full suite of Google Cloud Platform products. Unlike dedicated interconnect, direct peering does
not have an SLA. In order to use direct peering, you need to satisfy the peering requirements in the links section of this video. GCP's Edge points
of presence or PoPs are where Google's
network connects to the rest of the
internet via peering. PoPs are present on over 90 internet exchanges and at over 100 interconnection
facilities around the world. For more information about these exchange points
and facilities, I recommend looking at
Google's PeeringDB entries, which are linked
below this video. If you look at this
map and say, "hey, I am nowhere near one of these locations," you will want to
consider Carrier Peering. If you require access to Google public infrastructure and cannot satisfy Google's
peering requirements, you can connect via a
carrier peering partner. Work directly with your service provider to
get the connection you need and to understand
the partners requirements. For a full list of available
service providers, see the links section
of this video. Now, just like direct peering, carrier peering also
does not have an SLA. Let me compare the
peering options that we just discussed. All of these options provide public IP address access to
all of Google's services. The main differences are capacity and the requirements
for using a service. Direct peering has a capacity
of 10Gbps per link and requires you to have a connection in a GCP Edge point of presence. Carrier peering's capacity
and requirements vary depending on the service
provider that you work with.