Let's start by exploring the VPC objects, by looking at projects, networks, and subnetworks. Projects are the key organizer of infrastructure resources in GCP. A project associates objects and services with billing. Now, what's unique is the fact that projects actually contain entire networks. The default quota for each project is five networks, but you can simply request additional quota using the GCP console. These networks can be shared with other projects, or can be peered with networks in other projects, both of which we'll cover in a later module. These networks do not have IP ranges, but are simply a construct of all of the individual IP addresses and services within that network. GCP's networks are global, spanning all available regions across the world as shown earlier. So you can have one network that really exists anywhere in the world: Asia, Europe, Americas, all simultaneously. Inside a network, you can segregate your resources with regional sub-networks. I just mentioned that there are three different types of networks: default, auto, and custom. Let's explore these types of networks in more detail. Every project is provided with a default VPC network with pre-defined subnets and firewall rules. Specifically, a subnet is allocated for each region with non-overlapping CIDR blocks. Also, each default network has a default firewall rule. These rules are configured to allow ingress traffic for ICMP, RDP, and SSH traffic from anywhere as well as ingress traffic from within the default network for all protocols and ports. An auto-mode network also has one subnet per region. The default network is actually an auto-mode network. Now, these automatically created subnets use a set of predefined IP ranges with a /20-mask that can be expanded to a slash 16-mask. All of these subnets fit within the 10.128.0.0/9 cidr block. As new GCP regions become available, new subnets in those regions are automatically added to auto mode networks using an IP range on that block. A custom mode network does not automatically create subnets, this type of network provides you with complete control over its subnets and IP ranges. You decide which subnets to create in regions you choose, and using IP ranges, you specify within the RFC 1918 address space. These IP ranges cannot overlap between subnets of the same network. Now, you can convert an auto mode network to a custom mode network to take advantage of the control that custom mode networks provide. However, this conversion is one way, meaning that custom mode networks cannot be changed to auto mode networks. So, you want to carefully review the considerations for auto mode networks to help you decide which type of networks meets your needs. On this slide, we have an example of a project that contains five networks. All of these networks span multiple regions across the world as you can see on the right-hand side. Each network contains separate virtual machines: A, B, C, and D. Because VMs A and B are in the same network, network one, they can communicate over internal IP addresses even though they're in different regions. Essentially, your virtual machines, even if they exist in different locations across the world, take advantage of Google's global fiber network. Those virtual machines appear as though they're sitting in the same rack when it comes to a network configuration protocol. VM C and D, however, are not in the same network. Therefore, by default, these VMs must communicate over external IPs even though they're in the same region. The traffic between a VM C and D isn't actually touching the internet, but is going through the Google edge routers which have different billing and security ramifications that we're going to explore later. Because VM instances within a VPC network can communicate privately on a global scale, a single VPN can securely connect your on-premises network to a GCP network as shown on this diagram. Even though the two VM instances are in separate regions, namely us-west1 and us-east1, they leverage Google's private network to communicate between each other and to on-premises networks using a VPN gateway. This reduces cost and network management complexity. I mentioned that subnetworks work on a regional scale. Because a region contains several zones, subnetworks can cross zones. This slide has a region. Region one with two zones, zone A and zone B. Subnetworks can extend across these zones within the same region such as subnet-onr. The subnet is simply an IP address range and you can use IP addresses within that range. Notice that the first and second address in the range.0 and.1 are reserved for the network and the subnets gateway respectively. This makes the first and second available addresses.2 and.3, which are assigned to the VM instances. The other reserved addresses are the second to the last address in the range, and the last address, which is reserved as the broadcast address. To summarize, every subnet has four reserved IP addresses in its primary IP range. Now, even though the two virtual machines in this example are in different zones, they will still communicate with each other using the same subnet IP address. This means that a single firewall rule can be applied to both VMs even though they're in different zones. Speaking of IP addresses of a subnet, Google Cloud VPC let's you increase the IP space of any subnets without any work load shutdown or downtime. This diagram illustrates a network with subnets that have different subnet masks allowing for more instances in some subnets than others. This gives you flexibility and growth options to meet your needs, but there are some things to remember. The new subnet must not overlap with other subnets in the same VPC network in any region. Also, the new subnets must stay inside the RFC 1918 address-space. The new network range must be larger than the original, which means the prefix length must be smaller in number. In other words, you cannot undo an expansion. Now, auto mode network start with a /IP range, they can be expanded to a /16 IP range but not larger. Alternatively, you can convert the auto mode network to a custom mode network to increase the IP range further. Also, avoid creating large subnets. Overly large subnets are more likely to cause CIDR range collisions when using multiple network interfaces and VPC network peering, or when using a VPN or other connection to an on-premise network. Therefore, do not scale your subnet beyond what you actually need.