Let me show you how to create resources in a shared VPC. In the interest of time, let's assume that I am the project owner of a service project that has access to a shared VPC. This means that a shared VPC admin created and shared a host project with me using the network user role. Let me show you what this means by now creating an instance within the GCP Console. So, here I am in the GCP console and the first thing I'm going to do is, under VPC network, I'm going to try to display the shared VPC network. So, you can see that this is the host project that is actually sharing with this service project over here and I can also see who has access to which subnets. Now, let's actually open the Cloud Shell in a different tab and explore this a little bit more from the Cloud Shell as well. The first thing I'm going to do is I'm just going to ask for the host project essentially. Who is this shared with? It started with this project and here is the name of the host project. Now, what's more important though is, what are the different subnets that I could maybe now create VM instances in. So, let me query that. I'm going to ask it to list all the usable subnets within that host project. Here, we can see all of the different subnets, so there are quite a lot of subnets that have been shared with me. We can see that matches what we just saw in the console. Now, I can drop further into this and actually describe the subnets. The reason I want to do that is this is actually going to return a self link and I'm going to need that to create a VM instance within that network. So, if I paste this in here, I see that getting more information about this specific subnet here, and I'm getting this self link here, that I would need now to create an instance in. I'm going to use that in a little bit. Now, this is for one subnet. I could query this for a another subnet. So, instead let's do the Hostnet, Hostnet-us and here we also see that self link. I'm going to use those to self links in a second to create instances in both of those subnets. Now, obviously the ultimately the connectivity between instances is going to be limited by firewall rules. So, one thing that's also important for me is to look at the firewall rules that apply to this project. So, here I can list through Cloud Shell all of the individual firewall rules. So, let's go ahead and now try to create an instance in one of these subnets. What I've done here is I've already prepped up the command and this includes the self link from that subnet. So, now we can see that the VM has been created with that name. We see the zone, machine type, the IP addresses and let me create another instance in a different subnet. So, now we can see that the other VM instance has been created as well. Now, I did go through a lot of this in Cloud Shell and some of you may like this in terms of creating VM instances from the command line, but sometimes it's useful to also just go to the GCP Console and explore some of the things that you created. So, let me do that. I'm going to switch tabs back to the console. I'm going to navigate to the Compute Engine page. Here, I can actually see the two instances that I've created. Now, both of these are in the same network, the shared VPC network. So, I should not be able to ping both of these instances on their internal IP addresses. So, let's try that. I'm going to grab the internal IP address of the EU VM, SSH into the US VM, and I'm going to try to ping one address from the other VM. So, here I am. I'm going to ping three times in the internal IP. We can see that all the three packets were transmitted. So, I've just verified internal connectivity now through cross-project sharing, referred to as shared VPC. So, as you saw, I'm able to create resources within the shared VPC network. Remember, billing for those VM instances is attributed to the project where the resources are created, which is my service project.