Hello and welcome to Edge Security: Configuring TLS on an Edge Management Server. In this video, we'll give an overview of TLS for the Edge Management Server, create an obfuscated password, update the management server configuration, and finally, test. By default, TLS is disabled on the Edge management server. Management API calls are made of HTTP, using the server IP address on port 8080. TLS can be configured to permit access only over to HTTP. Finally, it's possible to configure Edge UI to only use HTTPS when it makes management API calls. The first step again is to create an obfuscated password for use in the configuration file we'll create later. Using obfuscation is obviously a much more secure alternative to writing the password out in plain text. Edge comes with Jetty utilities that can create it correctly obfuscated password. On screen, you can see the command, which references the jetty-util java file and has the password you want to obfuscate as its final argument. This is the password you use for the keystore. The outputs is also shown. You will see the password passed in as well as the obfuscated version. Configuring TLS for the management server follows the same pattern as for the message processor. First, create a JKS keystore containing the serve private key and appropriately signed certificate or certificate chain, you copy that keystore to a directory accessible by the Apigee user. Again, we suggest the customer application directory, and the Apigee installation directory to keep all custom configuration in one place. Next, edit or create a management server that proxies files in the customer application directory containing the information shown. You can see in the configuration that we first enable SSL, we set the SSL port to be 8443, we provide the full path to the keystore and the obfuscated password, and finally, we provide the certificate alias. Once complete, restarts in the management server using the Apigee service command will enable SSL. If the configuration was successful, the management API should now be accessible over HTTPS. In this example, we'll test the management server on the URL https://mapi.certdemo.yourdomain.xyz on port 8443. The code should be successful and return a list of configured organizations. Note that if you're using your own certificate authority, you may need to append management CA cert and append your CA cert to your code command. This conclude configuring TLS for the Edge Management Server. For more information, you can visit docs.apigee.com. And to get involved in the community, please go to community.apigee.com. Thank you.