Hello, in this lesson, we will talk about setting up profiles on the apigee platform. In the previous lesson, you saw an overview of the profiles set up process. Now, let's see what that process looks like in action. Here is what we will be building, remember that we have Cassandra and Zookeeper on hosts 133, management services on host one, routers and message processors on hosts two and three, analytic services on hosts four and five and the developer portal on host six. The command we will be using to set up the profiles is setup.sh-f/temp/apigee/response-edge.txt-p and the profile name. In the bootstrapping lesson, we prepared our hosts for the profiles set up process. This lesson assumes that all hosts in your apigee platform have been bootstrapped successfully. All files used for the profile set up are located in /temp/apigee. For this demo, we are using response-edge.txt and license.txt. The license file is used by the management server and the response file is used by all services. Here is the response file on host one. You can see the same values we examined in the profile setup overview lesson. Let's go ahead and execute the setup program with the DS profile on the first three hosts. You will notice that as the setup program proceeds, there are a few common operations on each component. The first step is to install apigee software RPMs using YUM, after that we see the configuration generation step, which we refer to as code with config. We will discuss that in detail in a later module. Any internal service configuration such as setting up database files happens next. Finally, the service starts and set up of that component is finished. Here, the DS profile is being applied to the second host. And finally, the DS profile is applied to the third host. The next step is to execute the setup program with the MS profile on the first host. Setting up the management server is generally the slowest portion of the installation, because as part of the internal service configuration, the setup program will populate the Cassandra database. With the management server complete, we move onto the routers and message processors and apply the RMP profile to hosts two and three. Hosts two has the RMP profile now, so lets do host three. Finally, we are ready to set up analytics services on hosts four and five. We'll use the SAX or standalone analytics profile because it includes both cupid and PostgreSQL components bundled together. Host four is the master database, so it needs to be set up first. Once the master database is online, we can set up the standby database. With analytics finished on host four, all that's left is host five. And that's it, edge profiles have been setup. All services except developer portal services are now configured and running. For more information on this topic, refer to our documentation. If you have any questions, please post them on our community. Thanks for watching.